{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red65\green65\blue65;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c25490\c25490\c25490;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14920\viewh13820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb90\rtlpar\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 CEREC One Visit Crowns\

\b0 CEREC\'ae technology allows our practice to create tooth-colored porcelain restorations for healthy, beautiful smiles in a single appointment. Crowns should be placed before the tooth is so decayed that it may fracture. This can often help prevent the expense of root canal therapy in the future. If a tooth is too damaged to have a crown applied, a porcelain bridge may be a good alternative\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\

\b Laser Dentistry\

\b0 Laser dentistry is a highly-effective, gentle way to treat gum disease, remove bacteria, and re-contour gum lines after cosmetic dentistry. Laser dentistry is a more comfortable, accurate way to produce excellent results\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\

\b Porcelain Veneers\

\b0 Veneers are very thin porcelain pieces that are custom made to adhere directly to the front of teeth without grinding or shaving. Transform your smile without drilling on your natural teeth! In the hands of a highly skilled dentist, porcelain laminates can provide you with an incredibly natural, beautiful smile. They are virtually undetectable and can dramatically improve your appearance. They are durable and long-lasting when compared to other cosmetic treatments\uc0\u8234 .
\b \uc0\u8236 \
\
Smile Makeovers\

\b0 Cosmetic dentistry is one of the most cost-effective ways to improve your appearance. A beautiful, bright, healthy smile will increase self-confidence and overall life satisfaction. Cosmetic dentistry includes things like tooth-colored restorations, dental implants, and crowns. We have many options, so please call us today\uc0\u8234 !\uc0\u8236 \
\

\b Implant Dentistry\

\b0 Dental implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth, improving chewing ability, eliminating bridges, and replacing dentures\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\
Several implants may provide a base for a series of artificial teeth known as a fixed bridge. Implants can even be used to secure a full set of removable dentures for people who have no remaining natural teeth\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\

\b Family Care\

\b0 From toddlers to the elderly, our skilled dental team is familiar with the unique needs of every patient, no matter their age. Our goal is to help them develop great oral habits that will last them a lifetime\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236  Join us today and discover how our practice can help treat your entire family\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\

\b Smile-Whitening\

\b0 Many everyday things like coffee, tea and wine can significantly dull teeth. Smile-whitening enables us to significantly brighten your smile for that dazzling white smile you deserve\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\
Plastic whitening trays will be made from models of your teeth. You will then place a special whitening gel in each tray and wear the trays in your mouth for several hours per day. (Many patients wear their trays after dinner and before bed.) A significant change in tooth color is usually seen in just four to six weeks\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\

\b Porcelain Crowns & Bridges\

\b0 Protect and keep badly decayed or fractured teeth while maintaining a beautiful smile. Made to perfectly match the shape and shade of your other teeth, they\'92re durable, strong, and undetectable\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\
Crowns should be placed before the tooth is so decayed that it may fracture. This can often help prevent the expense of root canal therapy in the future. If a tooth is too damaged to have a crown applied, a porcelain bridge may be a good alternative\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\

\b Digital X-Rays (or Digital Radiography)\

\b0 Our use of digital x-ray technology reduces your radiation exposure and eliminates the use of chemicals. It\'92s better for you and the environment\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\
It's also easy for you to see what the doctor sees. Your digital x-ray can be seen on a computer screen located next to your dental chair. This helps you understand your needs and make informed choices about your treatment\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 }